fix(node): Update ESM instruction with --import @sentry/node/import (#10028)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/install/esm.mdx

  - javascript.koa
---

> When running your application in ESM mode, you need to pass an [--import](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--importmodule) command line option to register the SDK's ESM module loader so that it can properly instrument libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most node applications today are either written in CommonJS (CJS), or compiled to CJS before being ran. While CommonJS uses `require()` to load modules, we recommend using the `instrument.js` file at the top of your application installation method instead. 

However, if your application runs in ESM mode, this method won't work unless you run your application with `--import @sentry/node/import`. Note, that even if your application is written in ESM (using `import`), it may still be _run_ in CJS. (Almost all applications written in TypeScript are compiled to CJS before being ran, for example.) If this is the case, follow the [CommonJS instructions](../commonjs).

## How to Run Your Application

To run your application in ESM mode, you'll need to pass an [--import](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--importmodule) command line option like the one below to register the SDK's ESM module loader so that it can properly instrument libraries.
```

```bash
node --import @sentry/node/import app.mjs
```

> <Alert level="warning">
>   We do not support ESM in Node versions before 18.19.0.
> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Alert level="warning">
  We don't support ESM in any versions of Node before 18.19.0.
</Alert>
```

> ## When to use this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this whole section makes more sense as an introduction at the top of the page.

> Most node applications today are either written in CommonJS (CJS), or compiled to CJS before running them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> CommonJS uses `require()` to load modules. Our recommended installation method when using CommonJS is to require the `instrument.js` file at the top of your application. However, if your application is run in ESM mode, this will not work without running your application with `--import @sentry/node/import`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Note that even if your application is written in ESM (using `import`), it may still be _run_ in CJS. For example, almost all applications written in TypeScript are compiled to CJS before running them. In this case, you should follow the [CommonJS instructions](../commonjs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
